docs(css): Add pages for font-synthesis longhand properties (#27413)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/font-synthesis/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`font-synthesis`** [shorthand](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Shorthand_properties) [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property lets you specify whether or not the browser may synthesize the missing typefaces – bold, italic, or small-caps.

Author: I've updated the intro slightly. Hope that helps. More details are in the Description section.

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/css/font-synthesis.html")}}

## Constituent properties

This property is a shorthand for the following CSS properties:

- [font-synthesis-weight](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-synthesis-weight)
- [font-synthesis-style](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-synthesis-style)
- [font-synthesis-small-caps](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-synthesis-small-caps)

## Syntax

```css
/* none or one or more of the other keyword values */
font-synthesis: none;
font-synthesis: weight;
font-synthesis: style;

> font-synthesis: small-caps style; /* can be specified in any order */

Reviewer: Specified in any order relative to what or is there something to watch our for in the others?

Author: The double bar (`||`) in the [syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-synthesis#formal_syntax) implies that one or more keyword values can be specified and in any order. So even though the syntax has them in the order `weight`, `style`, and then `small-caps`, I edited the above example to illustrate that you can also write `small-caps` and then `style`.

Does that help or can the comment can be reworded for better clarity?

> font-synthesis: small-caps style; /* can be specified in any order */

Reviewer: Oh I see, it's the order of the property values, not the declarations (relative to something else). Should we reword to:

```suggestion
font-synthesis: small-caps style; /* property values can be in any order */
```

> font-synthesis: style small-caps weight; /* can be specified in any order */

Reviewer: Same comment here?
```suggestion
font-synthesis: style small-caps weight; /* property values can be in any order */
```

### Values

- `none`
  - : Indicates that no bold, italic, or small-caps typeface may be synthesized by the browser.
- `weight`
  - : Indicates that the missing bold typeface may be synthesized by the browser if needed.
- `style`
  - : Indicates that the missing italic typeface may be synthesized by the browser if needed.
- `small-caps`
  - : Indicates that the missing small-caps typeface may be synthesized by the browser if needed.

## Description

Most standard Western fonts include italic and bold variants, and some fonts include a small-caps variant. However, many fonts do not. Fonts used for Chinese, Japanese, Korean and other logographic scripts tend not to include these variants and synthesizing them might impede the legibility or change the meaning of the text. In these cases, it may be desirable to switch off the browser's default font-synthesis.

> For example, using the [:lang()](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:lang) pseudo-class, you can disable the browser from synthesizing bold and oblique characters for a language, in this case Arabic:

Reviewer: That's a good hint 👍🏻
